How could he do such a thing?
Look at him.
Look at him. Look at him
An Tong, the situation was urgent yesterday
That's all I can say. I know.
You have your concerns
It's all about the bigger picture.
It's just that I think you can help me.
tell the truth
Your behavior
It has caused great losses to the company
Hey, you'd better leave.
Isn't this General Manager Fang?
Why are you packing?
Are you going to quit your job?
I mean
This person can't climb too high sometimes
Climb too high and the more painful the fall
It's better to be a clerk
Feng shui turns
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
I didn't expect it.
One day you will be reduced to this level too.
Hi, do you want me to help you?